User
Articles
About 108 results (0.04 sec)
My profileMy library
Any time
Since 2017
Since 2016
Since 2013
Custom range...
Sort by relevance
Sort by date
include patents
include citations
Create alert
FOXQ1 regulates epithelial-mesenchymal transition in human cancers
Search within citing articles
[HTML] nih.gov
[HTML] Molecular mechanisms of epithelial–mesenchymal transition
S Lamouille, J Xu, R Derynck - Nature reviews. Molecular cell …, 2014 - ncbi.nlm.nih.gov
Abstract The transdifferentiation of epithelial cells into motile mesenchymal cells, a process 
known as epithelial–mesenchymal transition (EMT), is integral in development, wound 
healing and stem cell behaviour, and contributes pathologically to fibrosis and cancer 
  Cited by 1714 Related articles All 8 versions
[HTML] nih.gov
Large-scale genotyping identifies 41 new loci associated with breast cancer risk
K Michailidou, P Hall, A Gonzalez-Neira… - Nature …, 2013 - nature.com
Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women. Common variants at 27 loci have 
been identified as associated with susceptibility to breast cancer, and these account for~ 9% 
of the familial risk of the disease. We report here a meta-analysis of 9 genome-wide 
  Cited by 596 Related articles All 31 versions
Cancer genetics and genomics of human FOX family genes
M Katoh, M Igarashi, H Fukuda, H Nakagama, M Katoh - Cancer letters, 2013 - Elsevier
Forkhead-box (FOX) family proteins, involved in cell growth and differentiation as well as 
embryogenesis and longevity, are DNA-binding proteins regulating transcription and DNA 
repair. The focus of this review is on the mechanisms of FOX-related human carcinogenesis. 
  Cited by 175 Related articles All 8 versions
[HTML] jbc.org
Roles of STAT3 and ZEB1 proteins in E-cadherin down-regulation and human colorectal cancer epithelial-mesenchymal transition
H Xiong, J Hong, W Du, Y Lin, L Ren, Y Wang… - Journal of Biological …, 2012 - ASBMB
Results: STAT3 may regulate N-cadherin, vimentin, and ZEB1 expressions. STAT3-induced 
cell invasion and down-regulation of E-cadherin may depend on ZEB1. Conclusion: STAT3 
may mediate CRC EMT progression and ZEB1 expression. Activation of STAT3 and ZEB1 
  Cited by 158 Related articles All 6 versions
[HTML] biomedcentral.com
[HTML] Breast cancer epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition: examining the functional consequences of plasticity
DJ Drasin, TP Robin, HL Ford - Breast Cancer …, 2011 - breast-cancer-research. …
Abstract The epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is a critical developmental process 
that has recently come to the forefront of cancer biology. In breast carcinomas, acquisition of 
a mesenchymal-like phenotype that is reminiscent of an EMT, termed oncogenic EMT, is 
  Cited by 111 Related articles All 16 versions 
[HTML] wiley.com
[HTML] Forkhead box Q1 promotes hepatocellular carcinoma metastasis by transactivating ZEB2 and VersicanV1 expression
L Xia, W Huang, D Tian, L Zhang, X Qi, Z Chen… - …, 2014 - Wiley Online Library
Abstract Forkhead box Q1 (FoxQ1) is a master regulator of tumor metastasis. However, the 
molecular mechanism of FoxQ1 in regulating hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) metastasis 
remains unknown. Here we report a novel function for FoxQ1 in modifying the tumor 
  Cited by 75 Related articles All 6 versions
[HTML] plos.org
[HTML] FoxQ1 overexpression influences poor prognosis in non-small cell lung cancer, associates with the phenomenon of EMT
J Feng, X Zhang, H Zhu, X Wang, S Ni, J Huang - PloS one, 2012 - journals.plos.org
Background We determined the expression of forkhead box Q1 (FoxQ1), E-cadherin (E-cad), 
Mucin 1 (MUC1), vimentin (VIM) and S100 calcium binding protein A4 (S100A4), all 
epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) indicator proteins in non-small cell lung cancer 
  I by 71 Related articles All 11 versions 
The rejuvenated scenario of epithelial–mesenchymal transition (EMT) and cancer metastasis
F Meng, G Wu - Cancer and Metastasis Reviews, 2012 - Springer
Abstract The molecular mechanisms underlying cancer progression and metastasis are still 
poorly understood. In recent years, the epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT), a 
traditional phenomenon revealed in embryonic development, has been gradually accepted 
  Cited by 68 Related articles All 9 versions
[HTML] sciencedirect.com
[HTML] Gene networks and transcription factor motifs defining the differentiation of stem cells into hepatocyte-like cells
P Godoy, W Schmidt-Heck, K Natarajan… - Journal of …, 2015 - Elsevier
Methods Genome-wide gene expression profiles of ESC and HLC were compared to freshly 
isolated and up to 14 days cultivated primary human hepatocytes. Gene networks 
representing successful and failed hepatocyte differentiation, and the transcription factors 
  Cited by 59 Related articles All 21 versions
[HTML] nih.gov
[HTML] Role of epithelial-mesenchymal transition in gastric cancer initiation and progression
Z Peng, CX Wang, EH Fang, GB Wang… - World Journal of …, 2014 - ncbi.nlm.nih.gov
Abstract Gastric cancer is one of the most common malignant tumors worldwide. Due to its 
intricate initiation and progression mechanisms, early detection and effective treatment of 
gastric cancer are difficult to achieve. The epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is 
  Cited by 60 Related articles All 7 versions
[HTML] sciencedirect.com
[HTML] Inherited genetic susceptibility to breast cancer: the beginning of the end or the end of the beginning?
M Ghoussaini, PDP Pharoah, DF Easton - The American journal of …, 2013 - Elsevier
Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women in both developing and developed 
regions in the world, accounting for 23% of all malignancies in women worldwide. 1 In the 
United States, the lifetime risk of breast cancer is approximately one in eight. 2 It is also the 
  Cited by 52 Related articles All 7 versions
[HTML] biomedcentral.com
[HTML] The ubiquitin–proteasome system and signal transduction pathways regulating Epithelial Mesenchymal transition of cancer
IA Voutsadakis - Journal of biomedical science, 2012 - jbiomedsci.biomedcentral.com
Abstract Epithelial to Mesenchymal transition (EMT) in cancer, a process permitting cancer 
cells to become mobile and metastatic, has a signaling hardwire forged from development. 
Multiple signaling pathways that regulate carcinogenesis enabling characteristics in 
  Cited by 41 Related articles All 15 versions 
[HTML] aacrjournals.org
ALX1 induces snail expression to promote epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition and invasion of ovarian cancer cells
H Yuan, H Kajiyama, S Ito, N Yoshikawa, T Hyodo… - Cancer research, 2013 - AACR
Abstract Ovarian cancer is a highly invasive and metastatic disease with a poor prognosis if 
diagnosed at an advanced stage, which is often the case. Recent studies argue that ovarian 
cancer cells that have undergone epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) acquire 
  Cited by 40 Related articles All 8 versions
[HTML] nih.gov
[HTML] Epithelial-mesenchymal transition in gastric cancer
L Huang, RL Wu, AM Xu - American journal of translational …, 2015 - ncbi.nlm.nih.gov
Abstract Gastric cancer (GC) is one of the most common malignancies worldwide with poor 
prognosis for lack of early detection and effective treatment modalities. The significant 
influence of tumor microenvironment on malignant cells has been extensively investigated in 
  Cited by 45 Related articles All 6 versions
[HTML] plos.org
[HTML] FOXQ1, a novel target of the Wnt pathway and a new marker for activation of Wnt signaling in solid tumors
J Christensen, S Bentz, T Sengstag, VP Shastri… - PloS one, 2013 - journals.plos.org
Background The forkhead box transcription factor FOXQ1 has been shown to be 
upregulated in colorectal cancer (CRC) and metastatic breast cancer and involved in tumor 
development, epithelial-mesenchymal transition and chemoresistance. Yet, its 
  Cited by 34 Related articles All 15 versions 
Increased expression of FOXQ1 is a prognostic marker for patients with gastric cancer
SH Liang, XZ Yan, BL Wang, HF Jin, LP Yao, YN Li… - Tumor Biology, 2013 - Springer
Abstract Altered expression of forkhead box Q1 (FOXQ1) is observed in various types of 
human cancers. However, the clinical significance of FOXQ1 expression in gastric cancer 
(GC) remains largely unknown. The present study aims to explore the clinicopathological 
  Cited by 35 Related articles All 8 versions
[HTML] spandidos-publications.com
[HTML] Short hairpin RNA targeting FOXQ1 inhibits invasion and metastasis via the reversal of epithelial-mesenchymal transition in bladder cancer
Z Zhu, Z Zhu, Z Pang, Y Xing… - International …, 2013 - spandidos-publications.com
Abstract The epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) promotes cancer invasion and 
metastasis, however, the integrative mechanisms that coordinate the process are 
incompletely understood. In this study, we defined a pivotal functional role for the Forkhead 
  Cited by 34 Related articles All 6 versions
[HTML] oup.com
Free from Publisher
Suppression of FOXQ1 in benzyl isothiocyanate-mediated inhibition of epithelial–mesenchymal transition in human breast cancer cells
A Sehrawat, SH Kim, A Vogt, SV Singh - Carcinogenesis, 2012 - academic.oup.com
Abstract We showed previously that breast cancer chemoprevention with benzyl 
isothiocyanate (BITC) in MMTV-neu mice was associated with induction of E-cadherin 
protein in vivo. Loss of E-cadherin expression and induction of mesenchymal markers (eg 
  Cited by 32 Related articles All 10 versions
[HTML] plos.org
[HTML] FoxQ1 promotes glioma cells proliferation and migration by regulating NRXN3 expression
HT Sun, SX Cheng, Y Tu, XH Li, S Zhang - PloS one, 2013 - journals.plos.org
Background Forkhead box Q1 (FoxQ1) is a member of the forkhead transcription factor 
family, and it has recently been found to participate in cancer development. However, 
whether FoxQ1 expression contributes to glioma development and progression is not 
  Cited by 30 Related articles All 11 versions 
[HTML] nih.gov
The network of epithelial–mesenchymal transition: potential new targets for tumor resistance
D Nantajit, D Lin, JJ Li - Journal of cancer research and clinical oncology, 2015 - Springer
Abstract Purpose In multiple cell metazoans, the ability of polarized epithelial cells to convert 
to motile mesenchymal cells in order to relocate to another location is governed by a unique 
process termed epithelial–mesenchymal transition (EMT). While being an essential process 
  Cited by 31 Related articles All 11 versions
1	2	3	4	5	6	
Next
HelpPrivacyTerms